I'm Steven I'm with Marais we're here
today showcasing three of our mini
tankless hot water heaters take assault
water heaters have been around for years
in fact Marais came up when only the
first tankless hot water heater concepts
in 1955 and they've been business ever
since we've got electric models we've
got natural gas models we've got propane
models we've got compact units and we
also have whole house units here to this
video we're going to show the three
different compact units that we have for
electric this unit on the end as you can
see is really small it is for point of
use heat it can be used for an entire
house but the incoming water temperature
has to be high enough for it to work
properly typically this would be more
for a single faucet mounted underneath
the cabinet it produces 30 thousand BTUs
this unit here also produces thirty
thousand beats used but it has an added
benefit of being able to adjust the
power and adjust the water flow this
allows you to save even more energy by
in the summertime being able to turn
that power back and to only use what's
needed this unit here is available for
using mini faucets whereas these are
more point of views this one is
available in two twenty and it makes
forty three thousand BTUs so this is a
typical installation done by a
professional technician you can see
we've got our power wires hooked up to a
breaker box and we have a 40 amp breaker
we also have our incoming water line and
then our outgoing water line which would
go to all our faucets and showers if you
were to remove the tank heater from here
it would be a pretty simple installation
basically tank water heater already has
power and it already has the cold water
in in the hot water out so you can
remove this cumbersome tank water heater
and switch to something small and
compact like this and still being able
to install it properly and efficiently
going to save money you get a safe space
all these units come with a five-year
warranty and we have multiple US
warehouses and many retailers that sell
to sell the tankless hot water heaters
and there's also a convenient service
center
you have any unforeseen repairs that
need to be made to the unit's make sure
to watch our other videos and go to the
Marais website to find out exactly what
water heater you need for your
application there are several different
factors that will dictate the size of
the unit that you need thanks for
watching